
To ship your game based on blitwizard, simply combine your game files
(your game.lua and other used scripts and the artwork you use) with the
blitwizard binary (e.g. the windows .exe) and the templates folder.

So all you need to ship is:

 - blitwizard.exe or/and other platform's blitwizard binary
   (you can find it inside the bin/ folder, obtain it from there)

 - templates/ folder (all contents)

 - game.lua from your own game and other files of your game (images etc)

 - README-libs.txt for licensing (see disclaimer below)

Ship a game for Android (you need a *Linux* machine for this!):

  - Install the Android SDK. Then install 2.x Android API files.
    Then install/extract the Android NDK for native code.

  - Put purely your game files (game.lua, ..) in a dedicated folder that
    contains nothing else -> your game folder
      (DON'T add blitwizard binaries, templates/examples folder or anything)

  - Go into the blitwizard script/ folder (inside the extracted blitwizard
    source package as downloaded from the website) and edit
    create-release-archive.sh and change ANDROID_SDK_PATH and
    ANDROID_NDK_PATH to point to your SDK and NDK folders.

  - Then run (in a terminal where you changed directory to script/):
     sh ./create-release-archive.sh current android
    When asked, specify a game name and the path to your game folder

  - Important: Include README-libs.txt contents into your game in an
    about screen for license compliance!
      -> You should now have a working .apk file for Android.

If you ship more, in particularly FFmpeg, read the FFmpeg section below.
Please note that FFmpeg for Android isn't supported/tested.

Disclaimer:
  While I wrote some README files and point them out here for use to comply
  with third-party library licensing, I am not a lawyer.
  It is your own responsibility to make sure that you comply with the third
  party libraries' licenses and any things like patents.

Read http://games.homeofjones.de/blitwizard/license#third-party_licensing
The FFmpeg paragraph only applies if you ship FFmpeg.

FOR FFMPEG:
 If you ship FFmpeg additionally (libavformat/libavcodec), please make
 sure you read the third party licensing notes above on FFmpeg!
 Adhere to them, or the FFmpeg devs might get angry.

 FFmpeg is also subject to patents and other things in many countries,
 so you might need to pay various patent fees. It is up to you to figure
 this out (see http://ffmpeg.org/).

 The following parts are part of FFmpeg (for win32 blitwizard):
  avformat.dll - part of FFmpeg lib
  avcodec.dll - part of FFmpeg lib
  avutil.dll - part of FFmpeg lib
  ffmpeg-*.tar.bz2 - FFmpeg source tar ball, for licensing compliance, see NOTE above
  README-lgpl.txt - license and copyright info file, for licensing compliance
  README-ffmpeg.txt - license and copyright info file, for licensing compliance
 
 The non-win32 blitwizard releases come without FFmpeg and you
 need to obtain it yourself and ship it with your game if you
 are interested in doing that.

